you
30-9 tooth was 33 night was 27 a moment
goes so as actually being quietly out
farm by darien in this matchup and he
needs to be really careful here with
this one gonna get slowed down he's
gonna dash off to the minion flash it
away from the knocker but it's not gonna
be enough to get away first blood darien
and this is where the pressure comes in
and he can come on but the problem is
there it's only a three hundred goal
difference but look at the top that's a
800 goal difference look at the jungle
that's a big difference and now they're
diving in joke now flash hook came out
as a crescendo coming down so as his
super low but he's Edward that actually
falls in that sound able to stay alive
from that one catch 11 on towards Italia
but it's only so as he'd be crazy to go
for it but he does anyway he gets quite
decently away and that is gonna be so a
skate away just about with you night
that was a really damn well played play
by sauce he kicked him immediately even
as he got knocked you're pushed in and
let's not forget darwin in his top lane
he just been staying up here farming
away and that's all he needs to do he's
gonna become a towel portion but Joe
that diamond had sought sighs I let me
go green be out of past this one because
he's gonna go down the ignite is running
and now it's darien that picks it up
it's gonna be a tough job in that top
lane now for it so us cigs funky which
has to come back funny thing actually
experte don't forget now because it's
becky right now being attacked in the
mid lane he's all this away with a
lantern the ignite not enough to finish
him off and gambit whilst not able to
get the kill have they done enough work
here to cover themselves in a
comfortable dis farming until pekus
spikes so immensely with Abaddon Death
Cap and I'm just gonna rely on a splash
of skotos Oh diamond and so us having a
bit of a fight here in the jungle a bit
of a turn around and here come the rest
of fanatic Edward just backing away
Diamondbacks are repelled and managed to
get himself to safety they're going in
towards Becky finally we see diamond go
down but there's a crescendo coming
across and then picking up kills left
and right a double kill for darien it
might not be over just yet there's
another one coming it's alex that mocked
up that one and that will be a
three-for-one for the Russians and this
is why Ellie's is such a strong tapping
yes
sure she repels up jumps away deal some
damage in comes the gambit pain train
coming in from the side immediately CC
chaining and yeah Pickett just got blown
up there that was scary once daryun got
involved those big swords swinging away
and they were all grouped up so that
Hydra would all have elements of damage
and all the elements of tankiness Alex's
get cut off well I'll see if they can
take him down though from this one he
said he's not exactly week on his own
and he dives you know towards reckless
with the unstoppable force reckless will
not get away and I tell you what in a 14
verses 3 that's not a bad outcome for it
meanwhile gambit here it has enough
tankiness to survive survive for a very
short at the safe that dive in do so
much damage dead gonna get my other
zhonya's but not gonna be able to get
away with this it's a 4-man gambia
pushing on towards inhibitor to it and
well darienne's gonna be hooking
outpouring that ultimate down he's just
gonna be cleaning out that inhibitor it
is not gonna survive look at the damage
pounding down on towards it way so they
just is gonna sorta from you you prove
the point during that tournament and we
only 7000 difference good lord did
anyone see reckless cuz I didn't he's
gone he is a goner we all gave up on
waves by the way after that game I was
never a big fan of AP malphite because
it's so binary are you get him or you
don't but it does seem like you get him
immediately with this tour look at
eddie's like look what I found I've got
a top laner he's gonna try and get me
not gonna happen gets taken down its
ginjury gives the kill I think this I'm
not gonna be anywhere did is what we
thought about it like come around the
sides immediately saw Alex just peek
around the corner he's gonna get caught
he's gonna get destroyed that is a
complete multi-kill and it's gonna
become all she wrote for fanatic that
will be gamma surely taking Game one
here and really what a fantastic
performers they put in I think if we sum
this up all this game is about his dumb
boy I think that's pretty much it they
are not messing around your surrender
bow in the end for fanatic and that will
be
Masika i think is somewhat of an
understatement may be common in 57 and a
half to 43,000 golden get 14 three kills
82 in torrance absolute brilliant